# SmartBookmark

Table of Contents
Getting Started
Running Mycroft
Using Mycroft
Behind the Scenes
Getting Involved
Links
Getting Started
First, get the code on your system! The simplest method is via git (git installation instructions):

cd ~/
git clone https://github.com/MycroftAI/mycroft-core.git
cd mycroft-core
bash dev_setup.sh
This script sets up dependencies and a virtualenv. If running in an environment besides Ubuntu/Debian, Arch or Fedora you may need to manually install packages as instructed by dev_setup.sh.

NOTE: The default branch for this repository is 'dev', which should be considered a work-in-progress. If you want to clone a more stable version, switch over to the 'master' branch.

Running Mycroft
Mycroft provides start-mycroft.sh to perform common tasks. This script uses a virtualenv created by dev_setup.sh. Assuming you installed mycroft-core in your home directory run:

cd ~/mycroft-core
./start-mycroft.sh debug
The "debug" command will start the background services (microphone listener, skill, messagebus, and audio subsystems) as well as bringing up a text-based Command Line Interface (CLI) you can use to interact with Mycroft and see the contents of the various logs. Alternatively you can run ./start-mycroft.sh all to begin the services without the command line interface. Later you can bring up the CLI using ./start-mycroft.sh cli.

The background services can be stopped as a group with:

./stop-mycroft.sh
Using Mycroft
Home Device and Account Manager
Mycroft AI, Inc. maintains a device and account management system known as Mycroft Home. Developers may sign up at: https://home.mycroft.ai

By default, mycroft-core is configured to use Home. By saying "Hey Mycroft, pair my device" (or any other request verbal request) you will be informed that your device needs to be paired. Mycroft will speak a 6-digit code which you can entered into the pairing page within the Mycroft Home site.

Once paired, your unit will use Mycroft API keys for services such as Speech-to-Text (STT), weather and various other skills.

Skills
Mycroft is nothing without skills. There are a handful of default skills that are downloaded automatically to your /opt/mycroft/skills directory, but most need to be installed explicitly. See the Skill Repo to discover skills made by others. And please share your own interesting work!

Behind the scenes
Pairing Information
Pairing information generated by registering with Home is stored in: ~/.mycroft/identity/identity2.json <-- DO NOT SHARE THIS WITH OTHERS!

Configuration
Mycroft configuration consists of 4 possible locations:

mycroft-core/mycroft/configuration/mycroft.conf(Defaults)
Mycroft Home (Remote)
/etc/mycroft/mycroft.conf(Machine)
$HOME/.mycroft/mycroft.conf(User)
When the configuration loader starts, it looks in these locations in this order, and loads ALL configurations. Keys that exist in multiple configuration files will be overridden by the last file to contain the value. This process results in a minimal amount being written for a specific device and user, without modifying default distribution files.

Using Mycroft Without Home.
If you do not wish to use the Mycroft Home service, you may insert your own API keys into the configuration files listed below in configuration.

The place to insert the API key looks like the following:

[WeatherSkill] api_key = ""

Put a relevant key inside the quotes and mycroft-core should begin to use the key immediately.

API Key Services
These are the keys currently used in Mycroft Core:

STT API, Google STT
Weather Skill API, OpenWeatherMap
Wolfram-Alpha Skill
Getting Involved
This is an open source project and we would love your help. We have prepared a contributing guide to help you get started.

If this is your first PR or you're not sure where to get started, say hi in Mycroft Chat and a team member would be happy to mentor you. Join the Mycroft Forum for questions and answers.

Links
Creating a Skill
Documentation
Release Notes
Mycroft Chat
Mycroft Forum
Mycroft Blog
